[Bulk] Validation Fixes (#258)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/traffic/traffic-incident-data.md

---
title: "Traffic Incident Data | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "This article contains a table that describes the fields in the traffic incident resource. JSON and XML formats are shown."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This article describes the Traffic Incident Data contained in TrafficIncident resources, returned by a Traffic URL, in a table that describes each field. Both JSON and XML formats are shown.
```

> description: "The response returned by a Traffic URL contains one or more TrafficIncident resources. This article contains a table that describes the fields in the traffic incident resource. JSON and XML examples are shown."

Reviewer 2: Too long per https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/validation-ref/description-missing?branch=main
